add community slack archive post (#1447)
pulumi/pulumi-hugo: themes/default/content/blog/announcing-community-slack-archive/index.md

---

> title: "Announcing Community Slack Archive"

Reviewer: maybe put Pulumi in the title too

```suggestion
title: "Announcing Pulumi Community Slack Archive"
```

date: 2022-05-01T15:00:49-07:00
meta_desc: Pulumi's community slack is now publicly archived at archive.pulumi.com
meta_image: meta.png
authors:
    - lee-briggs
tags:
    - community
---

Creating a place for the Pulumi community to gather, ask questions, get help in real time and share successes has been an important part of the explosive growth we've seen in both users and customers. The Pulumi community slack has grown to over 7000 members and well over 200,000 messages.

> Within those 200,000 messages is years of information is kept behind a "walled garden" that is undiscoverable outside Slack's search capabilities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Within those 200,000 messages are years of information kept behind a "walled garden" that is undiscoverable outside Slack's search capabilities.
```

> Today we're announcing that our community slack is now pubicly available via [https://archive.pulumi.com](https://archive.pulumi.com) thanks to [linen](https://linen.dev)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Today we're announcing that our community slack is now pubicly available via [https://archive.pulumi.com](https://archive.pulumi.com) thanks to [Linen](https://linen.dev)
```

<!--more-->

> For many, Slack has become to de-facto collaboration tool. Adding Slack workspaces is relatively straightforward and means you can communicate with various different communities and your colleagues in real time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For many, Slack has become the de-facto collaboration tool. Adding Slack workspaces is relatively straightforward and means you can communicate with various different communities and your colleagues in real-time.
```

> This ability to use the tools you're using in your every day work to also quickly get help with Pulumi has proven to be extremely successful. New users tell us they join the Pulumi community Slack because they don't need to add new applications (for example, an IRC client) and because its easy to switch workspaces to engage with our active community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This ability to use the tools you're already using and to quickly get help with Pulumi has proven to be extremely successful. New users tell us they join the Pulumi community Slack because they don't need to add new applications (for example, an IRC client) and because it's easy to switch workspaces to engage with our active community.
```

i would suggest dropping the last sentence

> The use of Slack for our community meeting place isn't without its problems. Often, the first port of call for users that need answers is to use search engines, and all of the information stored in Slack isn't readily available by default with Slack. The Pulumi team regularly answers questions on [StackOverflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/pulumi) and via [GitHub Discussions](https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi/discussions) which are searchable and indexed be search engines, but adding the treasure trove of information from Slack could easily improve the experience for eager Pulumi users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The use of Slack for our community meeting place isn't without its problems. Often, the first port of call for users that need answers is to use search engines, and all of the information stored in Slack isn't readily available by default with Slack. The Pulumi team regularly answers questions on [StackOverflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/pulumi) and via [GitHub Discussions](https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi/discussions) which are searchable and indexed be search engines, but adding the treasure trove of information from Slack will improve the experience for eager Pulumi users.
```
